[Music]
around around New Year's I was feeling
pretty lost this year she had just
wrapped up my first semester here at
Harvard and I felt like while I had
learned a lot academically as a person I
hadn't really learned a lot I was still
the same person that I was I wasn't
pursuing any passions and growing I was
just kind of you know being me and
reacting to the world around me and I
was not happy with this so I made a
video about that and then I also decided
that the New Year's resolution that I
was gonna be reading 52 books in 2018
one book every week and about 20 books
in and I'm gonna be real it's changing
my life when I was a kid I was a big
book or my read books all the time you
know Harry Potter a series of
unfortunate events Ender's Game that
whole series I just I love them I can
thank my mom for that because she's a
published author and you know this
lasted for pretty much my entire
elementary school career and then all of
a sudden I fell out of love it's not
anything that really changed in me but I
kind of blame the school system for this
okay and here's why so the problem with
the way that reading is approached in
school is that it associated a reward
with the act of reading that is if you
read a book then you do well on your
presentation or on your test or on your
essay it turns it into a transaction so
now when you take away that reward of
grades well you're doing what feels like
work because previously you exchanged it
for a reward but now there is no reward
so when it comes to choosing between you
know reading or going on your phone or
something else that's pleasurable well
you're gonna choose going on your phone
or doing something else because reading
is a chore it's work and there's no
reward for that work so when I started
off reading a book every week it was
tough it felt like a chore with no
reward because that's how I've been
trained by school so I had to fight two
issues one motivation which to fix
honestly was just a matter of time I
just had to read a few books before I
started to think
hey this is really impactful this is
really fun this is kind of starting to
change my life I'm seeing the world a
little bit different the lessons that
I'm learning are actually starting to be
applied to my life I should keep doing
this this is pretty fun and then it kind
of became addictive so then it just came
to the to the question of how do I find
enough time and what I learned is that
if I can carve out blocks of time
throughout the day
so a little bit of time when I wake up
some time before I go to bed sometimes
I'll stick around after eating meals
with my friends and I'll stick around
for an extra 10 15 minutes you know if I
have to take a bus somewhere then all
I'll be reading on the bus just finding
those little moments throughout the day
they really do add up and you can end up
spending what an hour and a half two
hours every day just by picking those
little 10 minutes here 15 minutes there
and spending them reading as opposed to
being on your phone or whatever so I'm
twenty weeks Internet and I feel like
they've been some of the the 20 best
weeks of my life some of the 20 weeks
where I've changed the most as a person
I mean it when I say that I feel like a
different person and that it's changing
my life because the way that I'm looking
at the world is just it's completely
different the way that I look at myself
in the mirror it's different and that's
really exciting to me because 20 weeks
is not a very long time in the grand
scheme of things so where am I going to
be in another 20 weeks and another 20
weeks and another 20 weeks if I can keep
this habit up and I can keep this
personal development going that's really
exciting to me so I think I was
mistakenly under the impression that I
might not learn as much or much more
from Bug's than from you know watching
videos on YouTube but when you think
about it it actually makes a lot of
sense why books are much more valuable
than the time that you might spend on
YouTube and the reason being is simply
that it takes somebody years to write a
book in most cases sometimes decades and
when you're looking at decades of work
that have been condensed into a few
hours of reading that's pretty special
the ideas in there have been highly
developed by someone who is really smart
who has thought about them a lot and you
can kind of just absorb them whereas
with a youtube video or anything like
that while the ideas are still good
they've only been fleshed out for
hours maybe days I mean in the most
extreme cases weeks but you would never
see something that took years on YouTube
for the most part it's just things that
people create in the few days it's like
this video and I want to be clear that
I'm not saying there is no value in
other forms of media of course there's
value in YouTube and an Instagram and
stuff like that but reading books it's
just on another level so I'm
recommending that that everybody pick
this up like everybody should be reading
for fun and the trust me not first it's
going to suck if you've come through the
school system reading is going to feel
like a chore you just got to stick with
it you just got to keep pushing through
it and kind of making yourself read
until you start breaking that habit of
oh this is a this is a chore once you
start realizing wow this is really
rewarding I'm getting cool lessons out
of this then it becomes fun and you just
got to make sure that you're you're
making time in your day taking time away
from social media if need be and just
spending some time with books it's gonna
be tremendously beneficial to you so if
I'm saying that the books that I've been
reading have been changing my life I
should probably tell you what books they
are I have a list of them on my Amazon
influencer pages there's a link to that
in the description of this video along
with the other stuff that I use in my
videos and they're my day to day life I
have kind of ranked them in order of the
books that I've read this year that have
been the most impactful personally to me
and there's kind of a wide variety of
books although they're mostly like
positive psychology books stuff like
that so if you're interested in that
check out the link in the description of
this video I've also included some other
books on that list that I haven't read
this year but I've read in the past that
have been really impactful so let's talk
about what's been happening on this
channel recently because it's been nuts
okay when I posted my last video I had I
think 18,000 subscribers and now we're
well over 30,000 and growing at like an
incredible rate it's been amazing to
watch these numbers I've been in finals
mode kind of because I've had like four
midterms in the past few days it's been
crazy and I haven't had a lot of time to
dedicate to making videos which is too
bad because I'm looking at these numbers
it's just incredibly inspirational but
this many people are watching and
following along and I really
really do appreciate it thank you so
much I'm excited to be making I've got
some some cool projects that are going
to be coming up this summer it's going
to be fun one of the projects is going
to be building up my Instagram more I'm
going to start using it more and more
creating cool content especially when
I'm back home with my brother who is an
amazing photographer so if you're
interested in following that along if
you don't already follow me on instagram
at the john fish there's gonna be some
cool stuff that you might not see
otherwise so thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed this video
and I really do hope that you actually
start reading more if you don't already
read for fun and if you you do read and
you have books that are not on my list
yet please drop a comment because I'm
always looking for new books to read and
I would I would love to hear from you
thank you so much for watching I will
see you next Friday
[Music]